ADR re the management of VS code settings (#53)
opensafely-core/research-template-docker: docs/adr/0008-vscode-settings.md

It is possible to specify user-level settings in the dev container configuration file `devcontainer.json` within the `customizations` property.

[ADR 3](https://github.com/opensafely-core/research-template-docker/blob/bcecb78838dfce8c9d708af194c51e4dce541c87/docs/adr/0003-use-of-devcontainer-directory.md) states our decision to place all of our dev container related configuration within the `.devcontainer` directory.

There are some settings which make the Python/ehrQL/OpenSAFELY CLI work properly in Codespaces(e.g. `python.analysis.extraPaths`, `python.terminal.activateEnvironment`, `python.defaultInterpreterPath`).

There are some settings which we believe make the Codespaces UI more pleasing (e.g. `window.autDetectColorScheme`, `extensions.ignoreRecommendations`).

There are some settings which we believe aid in the development workflow (e.g `files.autoSave`, `git.autofetch`)

## Decision

We will remove .vscode/settings.json from research template.

> We will add Visual Studio Code settings that we deem as useful to the research template.

Reviewer: I think this decision is too broad and that we want something more specific.

```suggestion
We will add Visual Studio Code settings that are required for the Codespaces environment to function effectively or that provides a good user experience for all users.
```

We will add these settings to `.devcontainer/devcontainer.json` in order to keep all codespaces/dev container config in one directory.

We will remove settings that we deem as no longer needed/GitPod related.

## Consequences

> We are still making some decisions about VS code configuration on users behalf, resulting in a user experience that might not always be to their preferences.

Reviewer: I think we've decided that it's okay for us to make some decisions on users' behalf but not others. It would be worth teasing out what those are and being clear about them in this document. I think we've decided that we'll add VS Code config that's essential for the dev container/Codespace to function. I think we've also decided that we'll add config that's important to the user experience for all users. But importantly, we're not making decisions about things that could be considered individual preferences. Does that sound correct?

> Users may still add a workspace settings file to their project's GitHub repository which will interact/override the user settings in ways we haven't tested.

Reviewer: This is also a good thing as well as a risk, as there may be individual needs or preferences that require the workspaces settings file to be overridden (such as enabling a high contrast theme for vision impaired users). We're providing a minimal set of sensible defaults they can build upon.
